[WIP]OCPBUGS-97967: RN:  Privilege Escalation via Device Plugin DaemonSet (#114871)
openshift/openshift-docs: hardware_enablement/kmm-release-notes.adoc

** *Result*: ROSA controller pods start successfully. 

[id="kmm-2-5-2-RN"]
== Release notes for Kernel Module Management Operator 2.5.2
=== Notable technical changes
// OCPBUGS-97967

> * Privilege escalation issue in the Device Plugin DaemonSet

Reviewer: I am assuming that the daemon set is not named "Device Plugin".
```suggestion
* Privilege escalation issue in the device plugin daemon set
```

> ** *Cause*: A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in the Device Plugin DaemonSet when creating namespace-scoped Module CRs that could allow tenants to run arbitrary code as root on nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Cause*: A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in the device plugin daemon set when creating namespace-scoped `Module` CRs that could allow tenants to run arbitrary code as root on nodes. 
```

> ** *Consequence*: Because the Module CR is namespace-scoped, any user who can create a Module CR can run arbitrary code as root on every matched node with full host filesystem access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Consequence*: Because the `Module` CR is namespace-scoped, any user who can create a `Module` CR can run arbitrary code as root on every matched node with full host filesystem access.
```

* Issues have been encountered when loading out-of-tree (OOT) drivers for QDU x100 DU PCIe cards from v4.14. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/cases/#/case/04245147[Case 04245147].

[id="kmm-2-6-1-RN"]
== Release notes for Kernel Module Management Operator 2.6.1
=== Notable technical changes

> // OCPBUGS-97967

Reviewer: Should this be in here twice?

> * Privilege escalation issue in the Device Plugin DaemonSet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Privilege escalation issue in the device plugin daemon set
```

> ** *Cause*: A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in the Device Plugin DaemonSet when creating namespace-scoped Module CRs that could allow tenants to run arbitrary code as root on nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Cause*: A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in the device plugin daemon set when creating namespace-scoped `Module` CRs that could allow tenants to run arbitrary code as root on nodes. 
```

> ** *Consequence*: Because the Module CR is namespace-scoped, any user who can create a Module CR can run arbitrary code as root on every matched node with full host filesystem access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Consequence*: Because the `Module` CR is namespace-scoped, any user who can create a `Module` CR can run arbitrary code as root on every matched node with full host filesystem access.
```
